you can Sam you look you can see me this
game is the biggest fucking fail ever
created by any human I think the
Hindenburg was more successful than this
game the Hindenburg it's DSPs top ten
fan-voted funniest moments of 2011
number three till the moon Alice has
anyone playing the Elder Scrolls 5
skyrim knows Giants can be some of the
most formidable and fearsome opponents
during your early levels in the game
well during my playthrough of Skyrim I
ran into a giant relatively early on and
wanted to walk up and see if it was
actually just an MPC or if it was
actually a a jeté ting enemy that would
attack me take a look at what happened
li qin basin
Stoeger want to fight me probably nicks
they kill Oh flying a hundred feet into
the air what the fuck yo he hit me so
hard I flew in his face yo he hit me so
fucking hard i flew into outer space a
little exaggerated i think but that was
fucking funny hello goodbye ladies and
gentlemen we officially have our first
man launched into space during an elder
scrolls playthrough one small swing for
a club one giant leap for this poor
schmuck up next anyone up for sex on the
beach I know I am